# SpellCheck
Implement a document spell checker using a hash table class. 
The program uses a custom hash table class to read in a "dictionary" and spell check a "document". A valid word is defined as any sequence of valid characters, and the valid characters are letters (capital and lowercase), digits (0 - 9), dashes ('-'), and apostrophes ('\'').

A dictionary is defined as a list of recognized words. The dictionary is guaranteed to contain exactly one word per line, with no leading or trailing spaces, followed by a single, Unix-style newline character ('\n'). Some of the words in the dictionary might not be valid (i.e., they may contain invalid characters). When loading the dictionary, invalid words, and also words that are too long (see below), can optionally be ignored. The dictionary does not specify the meanings of words; it just lists them.

The document to spell check may be any valid text file. Each line in the document will end with a single, Unix-style newline character. When spell checking the document, the program indicates every unrecognized word, including the line number on which it occurs. Words should only be allowed to grow up to 20 characters. If a word in the document is too long, the program indicates the line number on which this occurs along with the first 20 characters of the word. The first line in the document is line 1. All words in the document that include digits (perhaps in addition to other characters) are not  spell checked (i.e., the program ignores them). In the document, every character that is not a valid word character is a word separator; e.g., the string "abc@def" represents two valid words, "abc" and "def". Therefore, there cannot be invalid words in the document.

The program prompts the user for the name of the dictionary file, the name of the document file to be spell-checked, and the name of the file where output should be written. The program indicates how long, in seconds, it takes to read the dictionary and how long it takes to spell check the text file, measured in terms of CPU time. The program was compiled using the g++ compiler on Cygwin.
